ahem okay all right okay uh let's see
where they spawn I think we just played
right around though this job again yep
line the line on either side of me here
we'll wait for them to come aim at the
horses start shooting now Oh God will
blot out this shot oi green one guy mom
yeah reform the face I'm guess the same
with the horses in it where they're
going to be leave the shot the arrow
before me avenge me you drag a cavalry
is on behind under storm okay then more
cowardly channel how's it good cheer a
depressed you know yeah thanks man let's
go yeah thanks for coming user
disconnected from your channel should
that go ah ashes are doing it oh god for
the car at well don't stop shooting
should something there are always more
arrows on the ground
oh man that's a formation career goes
soaring the horses stick together
user disconnected from her gym everyone
can we go calf eka weights be fun
different yeah I back would share what
they I like please understand it quick
hey everyone its silk rates the plurals
equities neck retardo Oh Stephen dark
shit i don't speak dirt sir oh yeah
we're gonna still the formation so so
right off just your javelin form of
vienna me wow what are you better
farming a V haha woody where's it shit
all right we're gonna try and stay in a
blob forward blob march
hey I got this job everyone source for
Gondor get to the top of the cell and
then stop their archers are right down
that mine god I'm a horseman my god got
a bogey my sick huh oh that killed me
avenge me again I will avenge you
Thunder soon well thanks for good night
everybody that was a pretty fun fast and
quick and fast o.o a burst of fun in
your brand user disconnected from your
channel I'm just like not dying